# Production Problem 2: Clean Up and Organize Your Devices

When you show off work on your own computer to someone else (a boss, a client, a colleague, a
professor), it’s not unlike inviting someone over to where you live. Most of us need to do some
cleanup first. Our desktops and mobile devices are weird places, where our professional work (email,
projects) sit right next to our personal lives (messenger apps, Angry Birds, whatever).

This week’s problem asks you to organize your devices so that they’re presentable for other people,
and also better organized for your own work. Most of us are digital slobs, storing files and app
shortcuts and everything else on our desktops. We work on files wherever they happen to land when we
download them from the web or via an email attachment.

No more. This week is about getting yourself organized, and looking like a true pro next time
someone peaks over your shoulder at your desktop.

## Deliverables

You should have forked this repository from GitHub to your own account and cloned it to your
computer, as part of Production Problem 1. If you did that work, all you need to do to keep up, 
week after week, is 'Pull from master'. That will pull the latest week’s work from my 
repository, ready for you to edit and push to your own account.

You should create a separate commit for each of the following steps. The commits should describe
exactly what you’ve done, so that someone reading only your commit messages could envision your
work. So, “Added a screenshot of my cleaned-up desktop” is a good commit message. “Step one” is not.
As always, items between backticks should be run on your command line.

1. Create a repository for Lab 2

Link this repository to a Basecamp post labled (Your Name: Lab 2)

2. Clean up your desktop & take a screenshot of it.

First, remove all of the unnecessary cruft (files, app shortcuts, etc.) from your desktop. Organize
the rest. On many of my computers, 

Be sure also that you’re choosing desktop backgrounds that make your workspace enjoyable, since
you’re the one who will spend the most time looking at it, but that wouldn’t be overly distracting
(or offensive) to others. Nature photos, abstract photography, and good old-fashioned neutral colors
all do the job nicely. What works for you?

Once you’ve cleaned up your desktop, use Google or another search engine to learn the keyboard
commands to take a screenshot of your desktop. Create the screenshot, then copy it to your lab 2 directory 
and write a proper commit comment.

2. Clean up your home directory.

File things away, clean things up. Know where your
stuff is. Doing this makes it super-easy to backup all of your files, which you should also be
doing. It also means you won’t have to think twice about where to start your next project or where
to return to when you’re back at work, because you’ll have a `~/Projects` directory or something
like it.

3. Set up virtual desktops.

Every desktop operating system, even older versions of Windows, make it possible to set up multiple
virtual desktops. Use Google or another search engine to learn how to do this on your operating
system of choice. Try setting up at least 1 additional desktop.

Create the screenshot, then copy it to your lab 2 directory and write a proper commit comment.

Then, also list in the Lab 2 ReadMe file the keyboard commands to switch between your different virtual desktops

4. Set up a distraction-free browser.

Have at least one browser that is free from bookmarks, bookmark bars, and your personal browsing
history. Set it up to clear all history when you exit it, if possible.

You want a clean slate to be able to show a web project off without interference or distraction from
any other material. Call it your distraction-free browser.

Create the screenshot, then copy it to your lab 2 directory and write a proper commit comment

5. Learn to disable notifications.

Projecting your screen or showing it to someone else can be an immediate source of embarrassment if
a notification pops up from the wrong app. For every device you own, learn how to disable the
notifications. On your desktop device and on one of your devices, take a screenshot of the screen
where you can disable all notifications. Create the screenshot, then copy it to your lab 2 directory
and write a proper commit comment
